I will.
Let's do the followup problem.
It's history of distances too.
It is also very similar to the previous problem that we did.
And this just we have to just find out each node.
Your task is to add your domain for each node, the sum of the distance from the nodes to all the other
nodes.
Earlier we had Max, but now we have some.
So there is not much change in this.
But still, if you want to try it yourself, I would strongly suggest it because everything is seen.
Just from this Max has been reduced to some odd.
Max has been changed to some.
Now you don't have to find mikes.
You have to find some.
If you solve this problem yourself, you can easily understand or you know, you can actually try yourself.
Basically, you can understand, like how much of the previous problem have you actually understood?
Because I wouldn't be explaining it in much detail.
But we'll just quickly make the core changes that are required and even more than you think.
Right.
In this problem, what I'll do is we'll have a big cut in value.
And in this decoding, in value, like the previous problem, had the maximum land rate.
But now the decoding really will be nothing but the sum of.
Distances.
All nodes in subtree of current.
In subtree of current.
Right.
So just one thing that we need to release.
I do strongly.
So the dispositive you're doing, write yourself and then come back.
So the first thing that we need to understand is this.
That.
What is the distance?
What is the Jaeger?
And will your 40050?
Because there is no distance in the supply of it.
Now for three.
What is the decoding value for Tre?
That means what is the total sum of distances from all the notes?
It is one from four and one from five.
So basically two.
What about this story?
Two zero.
And what about one?
This is important.
What about one of Venice?
This part, which is one, two, two and bathroom.
One, two, three is two.
We have to include this also.
See, it is not saying that.
Tell me the maximum or tell me the sum of distances only from the leaf naught.
It is telling.
It is asking me to find out the sum of distances from all the nodes in the subtree of coordinate.
The one to 3 to 4 is also one and one, two, three, two, five is also one.
If I want to find it out recursively, what will be my definition of decoding?
Here.
You can easily see that if I figured out what is D3, that means the sum of distances from three to
to all the other nodes.
We just have to add one that means plus one to all those.
But they not just, you know, it's not just two plus one.
It is.
The this distance plus one this distance plus one character is actually +28.
And it is also this, which is one entry.
So it is actually plus three.
No, not even plus one.
Not two, but plus three because we here we have to denote from three all the distances to each subtree
must have been calculated.
Let's, let's call it g of three.
If I want to find out what is g of one, then how will I found a g of one?
D over one is nothing but g of two, plus the number of nodes in the subtree of two.
So let's go a little edge.
Well, it's just another function called Askren, which is nothing but number of nodes, because for
all those nodes, the part increased by one, right?
So we just have to.
We can just see like this that for and you know, let's say the current is nothing more or less one
and two because this one lending this full ordinance rate.
So it is one in two at ethics two, which is nothing more explicit ethics.
Do you know some of the distances and isn't aware of not in the country of.
Got it.
Oh, yeah.
Number of nodes in subtree.
This was one thing that you would have noticed if you have not solved the problem yourself.
And the second part is yeah.
So this becomes Z2 plus x2 plus D three plus x38.
So what is the duplex that you did with zero nine series one?
And what is the three plus at three degrees two?
And as three's three, it becomes 741.
I hope we're going to see this later.
This one plus one plus two +28.
And.
Yeah.
So.
Okay, so here we go again.
I think I missed something.
Maybe.
Yeah.
So it's not true.
It's too late.
The due date is two and three.
Three.
So it is one, three, six.
So here we can see one plus one, one, one and one one.
So all these are six, correct.
So this is the first thing that you need to realize that this time decoding is nothing but summation
of the explicit text.
And we can easily find this talk.
But in this in the same tutorial only I just change this function in which we are calculating g and
it's also calculate each data in the same go only I just updating the g current is nothing but summation
of.
The.
Plus at X and.
Okay so for this we want to calculate that ticks also.
Right.
So what is its current?
You know, very easy.
It's get into that X plus one the number of nodes the subtree of its side less than the current node.
Let's calculated over here the being here also at current is nothing but so many.
These are being all in this room.
Many one piece that's good and is nothing but six.
And I'd simply say it's current plus equals to one.
That means the end, including a career in disability.
I hope this is being very clear.
Well, look, buy this bike by using this DFC, which is this we have actually calculated the deaths
in addicts.
That is eight.
Now, what we want is now we want to calculate the ethics values.
Our insurgents if current.
Again, the problem is divided into two parts and the current is coming from the parent node or it is
coming from the subtree of current eight.
Just like the previous problem.
So if it is coming from the subtree of the current, then it is nothing but.
Same thing, which is a mission of g x plus at six.
Right.
And.
Or Yeah, we're going to do some of the explicit checks.
It seems the devalues for the child's.
So.
We considered it.
So yeah, I think we can say this, that it is the sum of all our decisions in the surprise of the jury.
Not.
And.
Let's eat.
And you know that this value's nothing but decadent.
This is already calculated and stored here.
They which just exquisite.
We don't have to worry about it.
The first part is done.
Now, the second part, if I'm coming from a parent or basically that rerouting staff.
Rereading it, and some people call it rerouting it.
There's a new route that we're taking, but it's actually rerouting it.
So this is the second step that now I'm coming from Britain and warned in value from the parent trade.
Let's just make a diagram here.
It said, this is parent.
This is Scotland and this is it.
And the parent has some.
Links with it.
Now this becomes current.
And this becomes X and these lengths ABC, it's called Z, which is the parent and this c h e is this
B is this the is this and that is still the parent.
And I'm going on X if I'm going on to X and I'm already getting one value, which is nothing but g of
that.
Where did you go that for this sub, for this tree above that.
What what are the values.
What is this summation of.
Yeah.
Oh, the Land Rover.
Everything from the lake.
Now, I have to pass a new value to a what we are disputing right now.
We can make a new variable called some parent.
Right?
So this some parent.
And now we'll have another variable called new.
Some parent.
New some parent.
That which will be passing it.
This is new.
Some finished it a new some better and will be nothing but whatever is coming from Z that is competent.
But we also have to add some things in this.
And let me quickly.
Me too, but.
Busting the second, but the first part, which is coming from the parent or then in this case, so
it is what's coming from the company and it's coming from that one parent.
Plus, we know we have to take this agenda consideration.
And for this age I want the subtree size above then that.
Like.
Like what?
What are the total nodes in this tree?
Okay, so there are two ways to find it.
One way is very simple that we know that the total number of nodes in the complementary will be nothing
but n minus the total number of nodes in the library of parent.
Isn't this true?
If I see the subtree of this current this node.
And.
I can simply say it is nothing but end minus the edge of current.
So let me write it.
And this becomes.
Plus the number of Notre Dame this afternoon and it is nothing but end minus a B, which is each.
And minus.
At Joffe.
That it or your parent metastatic parent.
It so.
The news, I'm a bit invalided, I'm going to pass is the value that's already there, the value that
this node disappearing node was getting from Z, which is some period plus and minus edge of this for
all the nodes right now.
Similarly, I have to.
Similarly, I just have to add the values of g x for this and the x for this.
Basically g b d e d c I'll add all these values and liquidated.
Yeah, this becomes g b less t e plus e c and we all know what every node then we have to add for the
other note eight again and again.
So instead of that, what we can do is we can take the whole sum that is.
That is letter D of.
Do you have parent in this case?
In this case.
So it is your friend.
But instead let me write it as the of current strategy of continued will has a somewhat distinctive
from all the other notes I just subtract d of.
X like you're moving downward, right?
The G of current.
My energy of x will give me the sum that I want for all the other nodes.
Correct.
And I simply added some in to my new some parent.
Slightly tricky, but you can do it if you have if you spend enough time on it.
It's not tough.
It's just a little tricky.
So these are the Edge X and you excluded it for now.
We don't want Max.
Instead, what we what we want is we want some it.
So let's have some initial equal to zero and.
Yeah.
If X is not equal to billing, so let's add them into the sum.
And it's digging into the sum because for all of them we want it.
Or instead, instead of seeing this, what we can see is we can see the sum is equal to nothing but
g of getting.
Right.
You've got to have all the comedy for all the other notes, also all the other children also right now.
Let me.
Yeah.
So basically let me replace all the distances, wherever this this is written.
Let me replace it with some.
Right.
And let's move on.
One step, one one step downwards.
News on parent is right now equal to some parent.
Let's take a plus.
Less.
And minus the number of nodes in the current subtree.
Or is it x?
But I know we're moving from current to x eight and I have to follow the new parent value.
So I want actually the number of nodes in the current rate and minus it current.
So here, let me write it as current.
It's so different and when it's going.
And this will be I didn't do mind you some.
Let me remove this loop and yeah, we have to remove this also.
The new Zombieland will be the the some that will be bosses nothing but somebody and bless whatever
was there.
Bless the current voluminous.
Do you accelerate the do you get invalid already?
I've just taken it.
And.
Was the Jaeger invalid.
I wanted it taken instead of it being this valuable.
Here, let me remove it.
And instead it mutated as the current.
So Jaeger in minus Jaeger and plus.
And minus its current.
No, no, no.
Yeah.
This is some parent.
Great, buddy.
Let me bring everything back.
Yeah.
So this is some and this is some in.
But so here in this some is request rejiggering.
It's true.
Ed and I have to make this new.
Some parent equals to somebody.
And plus this.
And in this I will also add.
Yeah.
Let me quickly go back and get gather my thoughts.
So we have already added this.
Some very unpleasant message current.
Now what we want is we want the sum of all the other.
Children of this, which was nothing but je current initially and I I'll have to actually subtract.
The.
Yeah.
But in this forest.
Do you know what ordered as distance of all the notes?
Right.
But instead of this, what we can do is we can simply subtract the values.
So.
Let me boss new some parent as it is and this admin could lead in these values.
And then I come back to the new some parent.
So what is the current?
This will be nothing but plus equals to.
Um.
Let's get back.
So everything has two things when when it is coming from parent and which is nothing but from parent.
Right.
So this is some parent.
And here the F current value is nothing but.
Four other nodes in this are tree rate, which is g current if I'm not wrong because the code installs
to evaluate the value that we need.
Right.
And now let's come back to the new assumption that we want to pass to the next node.
So it is.
Comparing what is coming plus and minus its current because we have moved one step downwards.
Now what we want is we want this new some parent to not include the current child nodes of.
Values.
Basically, instead of taking some here, let's take let's see it's subject from current and it's subject
to.
The.
The answer for the current rate, which is I don't know which I'm going to reduce G of x.
Eight and.